[Hold] Platform UI: Embed and chunk recommender (#408)
Unstructured-IO/docs: platform/chunking.mdx

title: Chunking
---

<Tip>
    To get help choosing a chunking strategy and settings for your 
    [Custom](/platform/workflows#create-a-custom-workflow) workflows, 

>     [request a chunk recommendation from Unstructured](/pltaform/recommend).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [request a chunking configuration recommendation from Unstructured](/pltaform/recommend).
```?
